Labb1 Fullstack Course- André Sandblom

Challanges- 
Getting a clear overview on how different things (both frameworks and different "programs" are connectied and talking to each other).
Examples are the database MongoDB and then server and then the backend and lastly the frontend.

Another thing that needed a little bit of brainpower was to creation of the different files to seperarte the logic.
Examples are the index.js file and the division of controllers and routes (previous only had everything in the same file).
Lastly i also had some problem solving that wasnt that clear is how running things on ports can get them occupied and even stuck sometimes needing to restart everything to make sure.
So gonna keep that in mind going forward that just becouse i "start" a server on the designated port it can be blocked by something else that ran on that before. 

Solutions and Learnings-
For overcoming the challanges mentioned above the best description would be that i just hunkered down and really just sat with the problems to really figure out why it is.
Then starting searching around for different potential solutions and trying to grasp the just why things are done in this manner and what are the best practices.
For example using promises or async/await and the potential advantages and drawbacks.
Another thing would as mentioned in the challanges part was to try to get a birds eye view on how all the things are connected and working together.
And of course the why and to break down the code base into a more manageable and scalable modules which made it easier to both udnerstand what each part do seperattly.
But also understanding that if i would scale it up it would be easier to add/modify things in these parts than to try to change things in one or two big files.

Would i do things differently?
Thinking about this question i cant really see how i would do things differently, for this labb i feel good about myself in that sense that i acutally took the time and sat and thought about the problems.
Then moved over to finding a solution (and even though it might not have been me) to then really understanding the solution and even more importantly why the solution work. 
So trying to think on how i would do things differently is hard since i feel there is (atleast now) a quite clear "main road" when it comes to these operations and the framework around it.
So learning that as deep as one could for this labb was crucial and got me excited to apply it on the fourtcoming project with new understandning and knowledge. 

Last words-
In generell a good labb with a clear scope what im gonna do but most importantly the feeling of that this is something that is really usefull.
Which in turn made it fun to learn and really sat with the different challanges that arose to really understanding what is happening and why. 
